A cloud can weigh over a million pounds.
Bananas are berries, but strawberries aren’t.
Honey never spoils—it’s edible even after 3,000 years.
Octopuses have three hearts.
A day on Venus is longer than a year on Venus.
Wombat poop is cube-shaped.
The Eiffel Tower can grow taller in the summer.
A group of flamingos is called a "flamboyance."
There's a species of jellyfish that is biologically immortal.
Pineapples take about two years to grow.
A shrimp’s heart is in its head.
Hot water freezes faster than cold water.
Cows have best friends.
Scotland has over 400 words for "snow."
Sloths can hold their breath longer than dolphins.
You can’t burp in space.
A cat's purr can heal bones.
The unicorn is Scotland’s national animal.
Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.
A bolt of lightning is five times hotter than the sun.
Butterflies can taste with their feet.
The world's quietest room can make you hear your own heartbeat.
Snakes can sense earthquakes days before they happen.
Coca-Cola was originally green.
The dot over a lowercase "i" is called a "tittle."
The heart of a blue whale is the size of a small car.
A jellyfish has no brain, heart, or bones.
Your nostrils take turns breathing in more air.
Water can boil and freeze at the same time.
A bolt of lightning lasts less than a second but can light up 100 million bulbs.
Mosquitoes prefer biting people who just ate bananas.
You can hear a blue whale’s heartbeat from two miles away.
An ant can survive falling from any height.
More people are killed by vending machines than sharks.
There’s a town in Norway where the sun doesn’t set for 2 months.
An octopus can squeeze through any hole larger than its beak.
The shortest war in history lasted 38-45 minutes.
Hummingbirds can fly backward.
A hippo's sweat is pink.
Ice pops were accidentally invented by an 11-year-old.
A flea can jump 350 times its body length.
A kangaroo can’t walk backward.
The world’s largest snowflake was 15 inches wide.
Some sea cucumbers breathe through their anus.
The first oranges weren’t orange—they were green.
The inventor of the frisbee was turned into a frisbee after he died.
An astronaut's height increases in space.
The smell of freshly-cut grass is actually a plant distress signal.
Some turtles can breathe through their butts.
A day on Mars is 24 hours and 37 minutes.
The word “strengths” is the longest one-syllable word in English.
There’s a gas cloud in space that smells like rum.
Cows can walk upstairs, but not downstairs.
The average cloud weighs as much as 100 elephants.
Giraffes have the same number of neck bones as humans.
The sun is 400 times bigger than the moon but also 400 times farther away.
Some fish can recognize themselves in a mirror.
The speed of a computer mouse is measured in "Mickeys."
There’s a fungus that turns ants into zombies.
A crocodile can't stick out its tongue.
It rains diamonds on Jupiter and Saturn.
The moon has moonquakes.
A cat can make over 100 different sounds.
Starfish can regenerate their arms, and some can even grow a whole new body from a single arm.
The Empire State Building has its own zip code.
Peanuts aren’t nuts—they’re legumes.
Watermelons are 92% water.
A strawberry isn't a berry, but an avocado is.
The Eiffel Tower sways up to 15 cm in the wind.
"J" was the last letter added to the alphabet.
No number before 1,000 has the letter "A" in it.
Some cats are allergic to humans.
The world’s longest hiccup spree lasted 68 years.
There’s a lake in Australia that is naturally bright pink.
A human sneeze can travel up to 100 mph.
You can’t hum while holding your nose.
The Twitter bird has a name—it's Larry.
The smell of chocolate increases brain waves, making you feel relaxed.
The moon is slowly drifting away from Earth.
You share about 60% of your DNA with bananas.
The world’s smallest reptile fits on a fingertip.
A group of crows is called a "murder."
Pigeons can recognize themselves in a mirror.
A jellyfish is 95% water.
Some frogs can freeze solid and come back to life.
The human stomach gets a new lining every 3-4 days.
Sloths only poop once a week.
One horse can produce up to 10 gallons of saliva a day.
Blue-eyed people have a common ancestor from 6,000–10,000 years ago.
The world’s oldest piece of chewing gum is over 9,000 years old.
There’s a river in Venezuela that bubbles like soda.
A single teaspoon of honey represents the work of 12 bees in their lifetime.
Butterflies remember being caterpillars.
A narwhal’s tusk is actually a giant tooth.
Spiders can regrow lost legs.
Some ants can clone themselves.
A bolt of lightning can reach temperatures hotter than the surface of the sun.
The ocean is home to over 90% of all volcanic activity.
The smell of rain is caused by bacteria in the soil.
If you shuffle a deck of cards, it's likely in a sequence that has never existed before.
